Say it.
This old lady.
Bones are very hard.
Nothing will happen.
Okay, someone pretends to be cash.
There are always nobles in Long Xuyen who challenge the rich.
But it also insults the book.
The grandson changed to killing chickens in the Hau family.
An Ninh is all for me.
Grandma, don't be angry.
I'm assured.
My wealthy family has deep roots in Long Xuyen.
Even if a real daughter comes, we can still live.
What is Dragon Legend?
It's just ants.
We rich people.
Is your strongest support.
Grandma, you are so kind.
Later the video will have a girlfriend participating.
Find some people.
Clean the room next door for my parents.
His wife led him to the door.
Like a bed.
Ly Dao Tru, you are the best assistant.
How can I not take you to a meeting?
You guys are busy with your granddaughter-in-law's room.
I will arrange it.
Ah, ma'am.
I didn't expect the old lady to look like that.
It seems like I'm not far from the world anymore.
Why do some people not meet each other?